# -WHAT-IS-TECHNOLOGICAL-ADVANCEMENT-HOW-ADVANCED-IS-TECHNOLOGY-ATTACHED-TO-THE-MAN-PROBLEM-
MAN PROBLEM? Technology advancement to address the world’s rising demand for clean and reasonable power will need simultaneous improvements in materials science and technology in order to meet the achievement demands of new power-generating systems. For instance, a technological advance in the wireless broadband industry might enable more productive use of insufficient range, resulting in greater speed and capability for wireless broadband There are so numerous methods technological advancements have improved humanity, save time and cost of production. Our individual life is now massively dependent on technology and technology has advanced with years and transformed the way we practice, travel, socialize, educate our children live, and buy products. As somebody’s demands for developing technology recommence, the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE’s) presents a clear knowledge as an industry ready to continue developing patterns for the computer and science industry that foster technological discovery and perfection for the benefit of humanity. Advancing technology for the advantage of humanity Technology transforms the way individuals talk, learn, and imagine. It helps the community and ascertains show people cooperate with each other on a periodic basis. Technology plays a vital role in society.  The invention of the internet supplies us access to data at a twenty-four-hour rate and you have access to almost anything online. technological advancements initiated learning more entertainment and beneficial.  Technology brought many new modes of electronic intelligence. For example, there is social networking, emails. you can facetime a personality that lives on the other side of the globe, and there’s video conferencing where you can have discussions electronically.  There are many innovative apps on telephones that although characters to watch their weight, how many calories they intake, their heart rate and other health resources any time of the day.  technology provides us with a lot of educational content, fast and free, which makes the learning process more personalized and self-paced, improving it. technology has made life easier mostly for those who get the chance to interact with it. For instance use of social media or websites in our daily lives.   young people who become addicted to social media ( media platforms such as TikTok, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, Snapchat and others are highly addictive, and YouTube can also be grouped into this category. Every time a person takes engagement via a “comment” “follow” or “like” somebody’s brain delivers feel-good neurotransmitters, eventually resulting in wanting more engagement). they crave to cope with the dynamic society where outward appearance is highly regarded. They do all kinds of things in order to become successful and get more likes some even grow cyberbullied because of their visions. This is why modern people suffer more from grief to the point of suicide. HOW ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY HAS ADDED THE MAN’S PROBLEM? Humans are the most magnificent piece of God. Nature has given humans all the demanded things that they required. But the eagerness of humans was not fulfilled. They started making technology in order to get their work done more spontaneously. There are so many interests in Technology. But remember if there is a benefit, there problem also. So the obstacle is people became inactive because of technology. Nowadays, we do not go to the supermarket to purchase groceries rather than order them online. We didn’t go out and meet our associates “face to face” alternatively that we meet them on social media “ONLINE” or “LIVE”.  The human mind has built technology but now technology is destroying our minds. Technology has also created some new complications for humans.  We don’t believe in our own people instead we consider technology which can be replaced by itself also. Nowadays, there are several Hackers on the Internet. They can take your secret data also.  Conclusion.  we are in the epoch of globalization, where technologies will always be done, and these have designed a great change in human action, either for good or for bad. Technology has promoted many things, and entering in context has served much, in distance education; however, technology can become serious because sometimes it can create problems for the man if it is not used suitably, following rules of their use.
